SONARJAVA-4492 Modify rule S2438: rewrite title and description, simplified code samples (#2100)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S2438/java/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?
 
The semantics of `Thread` and `Runnable` are different, and while it is technically correct to use `Thread` where a `Runnable` is expected, it is a bad practice to do so.

> The crux of the issue is that `Thread` is a larger concept than `Runnable`.
> A `Thread` represents a single thread in the OS, and implements the functionalities needed to handle its lifecycle (start, stop, pause).
> It is both a task and a lifecycle management.
> A `Runnable` only represents a task without the lifecycle management.

Reviewer: Let's reshuffle, the text so that we add knowledge progressively and remove the OS thread mention since it is specifically not mentioned in the JavaDoc
```suggestion
The crux of the issue is that `Thread` is a larger concept than `Runnable`.
A `Runnable` represents a task.
A `Thread` represents a task and its execution management (ie: how it should behave when started, stopped, resumed, ...).
It is both a task and a lifecycle management.
```
